we're here at the Baltimore open series
during the legacy open up here
no Bradley know relatively recent as far
as a magic goes but you've been doing a
lot of fantasy illustrating other games
and a background so oh how did you get
started doing fantasy do uh actually
back in school I started I was one of
the lucky few that still in school I
managed to get freelance jobs and I
started out with little jobs for fantasy
flight like Game of Thrones or the range
that sort of stuff and about a year and
a half ago I started doing D&D work and
after six months of that the art
director for magic course they're in the
same office they start to steal the DMV
artists and so about six months after
doing dnd he started to notice my work I
got in contact with him and then I
started doing all the magic work he
actually the first assignment gave me
five basic lands which was a beast of an
assignment he's usually on the first
assignment for magic he'll give you
maybe one or two your cards sure hope
they're a little terrified that you're
going to screw it up so they give you
that you know one or two guards but I
got five somehow I guess he liked them
and I've been working forever since you
think maybe just because you've been
actually like the connect
industry up to that point probably it
certainly didn't pommel of trust yeah
and also the fact that I new lands which
is somewhat of a niche within the
industry shore there's only a few of us
that do it so it's kind of nice having
that niche to give me a little bit more
way I know you've got a bunch of play
match over at your boot that we have one
here which is a magic lamp it's a sort
of landish thing for alpha bar it's the
stronghold which i did have done all of
their strong holders yeah that was a
scary assignment the guy emailed me and
how do you feel about doing 36 cards
which is terrifying for an artist this
takes a lot of time I don't know a whole
ton about the elf i bargain expires but
I do you know it's painful they're very
big thing they are excessively loyal
fans to their trans and whatnot so they
go after that stuff like crazy nice we
have a few of your magic cards here
you're selling Jesus troops we have
these are your in 13 lands are these the
first things you did yep those are the
first values i did for them I'm only
three I guess we've been some days only
printed three of them oh they have not
printed the other two all right well
I've got a mountain of swamp coming then
yeah in theory baby or it's on the slush
pile forever we'll see if I ever get to
show them that's great I promised the
swamp at least is very gorgeous I think
you have the original for at least one
yes tonight I have the original for the
forest and for the island sure those are
sale on display at the booth the cards
you have in here you've got is it
guildgate museum mortars spell twine
giant wrote renzo parmigiana growth for
my favorite movie parts are missing
water seems to play in the format is
lots of light I have signed hundreds of
missing artists one guy had 18 of them I
was this is docked at least early stock
you say you know your fancy some kind of
a late already smells like what you do a
lot of what draws you go few years back
I started doing a lot of the traditional
landscape painting going outside and
painting and I realized their food
really loved it but I also really love
fantasy art always been a sucker for
fantasy our strategy games and I've
always loved the fantasy games that had
really cool worlds so being able to be
that guy you can create those cool
worlds it's just kind of a dream come
true I know you've got originals
obviously say paint what are your
favorite media is to work with
definitely oils if I have the time I
often do not have the time so a lot of
it is digital
in an ideal world I would be doing oils
everything just I guess we'll kick it
off the last minute tip you know you got
lucky with getting those idea lanes
contracts I school to someone out there
who would like to one day work
illustrating magic or other fantasy
games so yeah any last minute advice or
11 to one tip one tip work really hard
be really persistent and try to get
lucky persistence and lock those two is
definitely coming a day babe a really up
thanks a lot all right thank you very
much